# Contributing to this project

This project is publicly licensed and will have a public home project on
https://www.gitlab.com/tychosoft. This will an issue tracker where people can
submit public bug reports, a wiki for hosting project documentation, and a
public git repo.

Given that I may be without connectivity at times, other sites I have used for
hosting have been down or interfered with at times, and overall lack of any
public participation, the public git repo is really more a publication point
and stable survivable public location I will use for packaging.

## CI Integration

Gitlab is used for publoc ci integration. Since the most common deployment
platform I use is Alpine, it defaults to this. This also minimizes ci
processing overhead.

There are only a few types of ci jobs I may use. One is to evaluate merge
requests, and if this is broken hopefully whomever submits a merge request can
fix it. The other I may add is for public things that need to be done for a new
tagged release.

## Documentation

I am striving to make all project documentation viewable thru each projects
wiki pages. I also hope to consolidate any non-graphical Wiki documentation
back into the distribution tarball as well.

## Issues

The support ticket system can be used for bug requests, discussion items, or
any kind of inquiry at all. It's contents are fully public. It also is entirely
separate from my internal development ticketing.

## Patches

Patches may be submitted and attached to an issue in the issue tracker or sent
by email. They should be provided in unified diffs. All code contributions must
be held in copyright under Tycho Softworks for now, which may require a
copyright assignment form. This is a new requirement since all current code
already is exclusively copyrighted by Tycho Softworks as it had only been
worked on by me alone, but this may change if there is active participation.

## Code of Conduct

Be excellent to each other.

Don't be the asshole.

